Disallow in-source build to prevent issues (#176)
celerity/celerity-runtime: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.13)

if (CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR STREQUAL CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR)

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "Building in root or relevant directories will cause issues.\nPlease use a dedicated build directory and remove the CMakeCache.txt file and CMakeFiles dir created in the root.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR "Celerity does not support in-source builds.\nPlease use a dedicated build directory and remove ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/CMakeCache.txt and ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/CMakeFiles.")
```

I think we should mention the term "in-source build" explicitly here. Also we can print the exact path, as "root" is ambiguous if Celerity is built as a subproject.

  message(STATUS "CXX compiler at ${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER} detected as DPC++")
endif()

if ((CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR STREQUAL CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR) OR

>   (CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR STREQUAL ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src) OR

Reviewer: I don't think we should attempt to prevent *every* source directory from being used as a build directory. If a user really wants to build in `src`, I say let them...

Author: ok, allowing to build in sub dirs will be allowed, but I rather keep a custom error message, since the error message from the undocumented built-in vars is not as direct and clear as a custom one can be.

  message(STATUS "CXX compiler at ${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER} detected as DPC++")
endif()

> 

Reviewer 2: This blank line seems to be a left-over from multiple edits?
